Alrighty, so I'm getting really excited here.
But let's go ahead and run this thing.
And let's test it out and see if it works.
So I'll just open up a new terminal window here.
And also, I'll swing over and check
on my Spring Boot application
to make sure it's running.
If it's not running,
go ahead and start it now.
And now swinging back into Visual Studio code,
go ahead and run my Angular app.
All right, so let's go ahead
and move into our web browser.
Let's visit our app,
let's add some items to our shopping cart.
I'll add a coffee mug,
mousepad and two luggage tags.
Right. So that's what's in my cart.
Let's go ahead and do a checkout.
So this takes us to our form.
Let me enter some data here for this form.
So this is for John Doe.
Based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
All right, so this looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and purchase.
And oh, yeah,
your order has been received
and order tracking number.
Ah! our order tracking number
that random UUID, Ooh.
Let's check the database and see what's out there.
So I cleared out my database previously,
before I started this video,
so I don't have anything initially.
But now I should have some new data.
And there we go.
Order tracking number 5cef.
Yes. That's the same one.
Success, success.
All right. So we are getting data
to the backend all the way to our database.
Yes.
And let's go look at some other tables here for address.
Okay, great.
There's Philadelphia.
Excellent.
Look at the customer's information.
John Doe. Awesome.
And order items.
Great. So there's three order items.
But remember, we had to have those luggage tags.
So quantity's working.
So, Wow, this is pretty good.
I like it.
And now if I hit OK,
on this alert,
then it takes me back to the main page,
it resets the cart,
so everything is fresh
and the user can start the whole process all over again,
if they'd like.
So our reset cart method works also.
Nice.
Okay, so this is kind of where you can stand back
and admire your work.
So we built the Angular front end,
and the Spring Boot back end for storing orders
in the database.
Good job.